docs: instruct users to use `apt`/`yum`/`dnf` instead of `dpkg`/`rpm` (#25700)
gravitational/teleport: docs/pages/installation.mdx

- `tctl`
- `tbot`

> If you are new to Teleport, we recommend following our [ge[installation.mdx](installation.mdx)tting started

Reviewer: This is garbled

> If you are new to Teleport, we recommend following our [ge[installation.mdx](installation.mdx)tting started

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are new to Teleport, we recommend following our [getting started
```

All installations include `teleport`, `tsh`, `tctl`, and `tbot`.

> ### Feature Support

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Feature support
```
Per the style guide
